1. Find the view from the dining room using tracing paper
Alternative if it does not work:
	“Begin where wisdom rests but do not linger,
	Turn away from where the morning sun emerges.
	Stride five steps to where the earth meets the sky,
	Then veer towards the hand that you write by.”

	“Advance a pair, then pivot away from morn’s embrace,
	Two paces more to find the next trace.”

	“Where pots and pans live and dishes hide away,
	Seek within, where secret treasures lay.”

	“In the place where shadows dance and flicker,
	Seek the beacon that makes the answer clearer.”

	Points to: kitchen cabinet
	Text: Text on tracing paper.
	Arrr, seekin' treasure, are ye? Don't sail solo,
	Find ye a hearty mate, or it's a no-go.
	Two buccaneers be better fer findin' the loot,
	Hoist the Jolly Roger and give a hoot!

	Resource required:
		Paper arrows attached to the inside of the cabinet.
		Tracing paper image.

2. QR code that leads to a Hidden Object Game
	Found at: Kitchen cabinet
	Text in QR Code link: 
		Clues abound in this image.
		But first you must find the
		key to unlock the word. 
		If you get stuck with the word,
		ask mommy.
	Answer: Saracen
	Points to: I Am Pilgrim (Saracen) page 313
	Points to: Lithograph
	Points to: A word in the lithograph
	Resource required:
		- Image for hidden object game.
		- Image should have
			- keys, each with 'sar,' 'a,' 'cen'
			- a piece of paper that says
		the number of letters on each key
		points to the page in the book.
			- Another paper gives the 
		code for book cipher.
			- another image of the lithograph
		with portion blurred but magnified.
3. <Using the book cipher from Hidden Objects Game
Find words that would lead to next clue from p313>
	Found at: I Am Pilgrim
	Text: <Text from I Am Pilgrim should say 
		to go outside and look within>
	Points to: Vic's laptop.
	Resource required:
		Drawing of Doc Binocs and the word Dyslexia.
		"Come and find me."
		"Scan the QR code and type the correct answer"
		QR code to next clue.
		Answer: Albert Einstein
			QR code prompt: "Movie with this not 
			unintelligent person."
			Points to: Oppenheimer ticket.

4. <Clue that leads to clue>
	Found at: QR code at back of Oppenheimer ticket
	gives a clue that leads to the text below.
	Text: In the webpage link of QR code:
	22 5 7
	“The monsters were never under my bed. 
	Because the monsters were inside my head. 
	I fear no monsters, for no monsters I see.” 
	— Nikita Gill
	Points to: under the bed.

5. Taped under Vic's bed
	“Retrace your steps to where the quest was born,
	To the start, you must return, as if time is torn.”

		"q" of quest should be written as 9.
		"b" of born should be written as 6.
	Points to: book 9 and 6 of ---
		Inside is the grid cypher.

6. On book 6 the key
   On book 9 the grid.
	Key: 
In th er ea lm wh er eh is to ry ’s wh is pe rs ec ho ,F in dt he ed if ic ei nc om pl et e, it sc ol um nh ol lo w. Up on th ew al l, th eq ue st ’s en dw il lb ef ou nd ,W he re th eg ra il re st s, in si le nc ep ro fo un d.

	Points to: 
“In the realm where history’s whispers echo,
Find the edifice incomplete, its column hollow.”

“Upon the wall, the quest’s end will be found,
Where the grail rests, in silence profound.”
	

		
